DOC-821 create upgrades page for Cloud (#219)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/manage/pages/maintenance.adoc

= Upgrades and Maintenance
:description: Learn how Redpanda Cloud manages maintenance operations.

> As a fully-managed service, the Redpanda Cloud glossterm:control plane[] handles all maintenance operations, such as upgrades to your software and infrastructure.

Reviewer: Control Plane should be capitalizezd

Reviewer 2: Typically we only capitalize product names

Redpanda runs maintenance operations on clusters in a rolling fashion, accompanied by a series of health checks, so there is no disruption to the availability of your service. As part of the Kafka protocol, recycling nodes cause client connections to be restarted. All mainstream client libraries support automatic reconnections for this.

== Maintenance windows

Redpanda Cloud may run maintenance operations on any day at any time. You can override this default and schedule a specific maintenance window on your cluster's *Cluster settings* page. 

> If you select a *Scheduled* maintenance window, then Redpanda Cloud runs operations on the day and time specified. Maintenance windows typically take six hours. All operations begin during the maintenance window, but some operations may complete after the window ends. All times are in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you select a *Scheduled* maintenance window, then Redpanda Cloud runs operations on the day and time specified. Maintenance windows typically take six hours. All operations commence during the maintenance window, but some operations may complete after the window closes. All times are in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
```

> TIP: Redpanda Cloud maintenance cycles always start on Tuesdays. Clusters scheduled on Tuesdays are updated first, and clusters scheduled on Mondays are updated last. Keep this in mind when sequencing updates for multiple clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TIP: Redpanda Cloud maintenance cycles always start on Tuesdays. Clusters scheduled for maintenance on Tuesdays are updated first, and clusters scheduled on Mondays are updated last. Keep this in mind when sequencing updates for multiple clusters.
```
